I have listened to all these proposals - I am not insensitive to them.
That is what we should be doing and how we should be handling it.
I will, of course, inform the President of what you have said.
All in all, a number of details still need to be looked at.
But where there is no will, nor should there be money from us.
There is a good chance of this, but particular efforts are still needed.
For both these reasons, my own group cannot be expected to cooperate.
Furthermore, there are many paragraphs to which we have specific objections, e.g.:
However, I am not very comfortable with some of the wording in it.
In other sectors, this directive has been extended to other fields of application.
We have, alongside this, an absolute commitment to the universal service obligation.
It is also what we want, namely trust between the producer and consumer.
I may paint a gloomy picture, but we do have reason for hope.
However, this does not mean that we could have done more or better.
We abstained on this report, even the amended version.
If the author of the amendment agrees, we could proceed in that way.
Clearly, however, there are many losers following a conference of this kind.
It has always been the task of democracy to curb the power of princes.
But that would mean having to scrutinise our policies and cut back on them.
The Commission is prepared to undertake this task if that is what is decided.
It is up to the Member State to decide whether a strike is legal.
The advantages are already there; they are visible and everyone stands to gain.
Subsidiarity must serve some purpose, however, and not act as a screen.
This is also something we must put a stop to in an effective way.
We need commitment from the government if we are to get the funding together.
But I would also urge Parliament to be prepared to negotiate in these matters.
Unfortunately, we believe that some of the proposed amendments do not improve it.
It is a matter of legal security, an efficient administration and effective democracy.
We are dealing with a very important piece of legislation and with important articles.
It is actually scandalous that these are not available in time for our debate.
Both are based on a three-pillar model with state, company and private provision.
Furthermore, I think that a media code of conduct is impractical.
I have received many letters about the fact that it is an emotive issue.
The work must under no circumstances be used as an excuse to delay enlargement.
By its very nature, the service industry is less suited to this approach.
There are issues to be borne in mind to ensure that it works well.
They carry out statistical programmes and are responsible for inspections and the monitoring system.
The environment is the area which will constitute a stumbling block in the negotiations.
The recruitment procedures must be transparent to avoid all abuse; that is obvious.
Consistency and honesty should be the hallmarks of our dealings with any applicant country.
Mr President, what is being asked for here is a recipe for chaos.
In this respect, the tenor of the common resolution is far too one-sided.
This is a consumer protection measure and also a measure to enhance consumer confidence.
I believe that this innovative approach will provide an example for others to follow.
I would be grateful if the President-in-Office of the Council could clarify this point.
The main focal point of the reform is the effort to improve financial management.
I totally agree with all the proposals tabled by the Commission on this issue.
I hope this obligation will actually be applied if it comes to the crunch.
The existing schemes, which lacked uniformity, will thus be harmonised and simplified.
We are also critical of the decisions taken with regard to the LIFE programme.
How this works in practice will become clear when the authority has to act.
This approach must include the guarantee of a dignified, independent, self-sufficient lifestyle.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.
We have a proposal that elevates homosexuality to the same position as holy marriage.
If hygiene legislation is inadequate in this area it will have to be amended.
These charges still exist, both for exchanging cash and for making cross-border payments.
We must avoid lending any support to content which goes against the said interests.
If this two-faced policy were stopped then many of the difficulties could be overcome.
Since the honourable Member said she would vote against, this amendment is repealed.
Modesty has prevented you from ending the list of rapporteurs with your own name.
We should actively seek such cooperation and develop joint strategies with the applicant countries.
Out of precautionary considerations, it is useful to be clear about these substances.
We cannot find any legal grounds for excluding competition from these other domains.
I must nevertheless emphasise that no instances of fraud or misappropriation have been detected.
But they also often destroy countries' long-term development potential by contaminating entire regions.
That is why we will vote in favour of the report on combating exclusion.
Our debates within this Chamber increasingly resemble a series of monologues than real exchanges.
The next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance.
It is important to ensure that aid funds are not used for military purposes.
The report calls for qualitative and quantitative indicators of social exclusion to be established.
During the measurement campaign elevated levels of sulphur dioxide were observed in some hot-spots.
Special services are another very important area where innovation and modernisation must be encouraged.
We must therefore support all the measures designed to boost small and medium-sized enterprises.
That is why we must link development aid to progress in human rights abuses.
There is clarification that interventions in the human germ line cannot be accepted.
Getting comparable information about the noise around airports will be a big step forward.
But we must also understand that nothing lasts forever, not even fish stocks.
We must be able to rely on the fact that salmonella is being tackled.
We must remember that there are other means than necessarily revising the financial perspective.
The selection found on overflowing shelves has long since made this a genuine option.
Only then can we effectively combat discrimination in all the fields of human life.
Just who is going to benefit from this amended regulation which includes GMOs?
Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to start by congratulating the rapporteur.
The question raised therefore provides the Presidency-in-Office with an opportunity to clarify several points.
I would warn our Heads of Government against taking an over-minimalist stance in Nice.
Marketing schemes for these bananas are also part of national and regional rural-development programmes.
It is a good report, based on a good paper from the Commission.
Need we remind ourselves that democracy does not boil down to having a vote?
It cannot serve as a basis for the establishment of a European constitution.
For years we have been pressing for the efforts being made to be harmonised.
We do not really have a common culture in Europe on these important points.
It remains to be seen if this changes in the light of current events.
In this context, the amendment refers to Article 14 of the Berne Convention.
Moreover, the two sides of industry have undertaken to work on this subject.
Allow me to make a comment on Portugal, which has been mentioned here.
Slyness does not become us: we must build a Europe of economic cooperation.
That is to be welcomed, not feared as Mr Bonde seems to think.
A future Constitution could set out in a clear and (relatively) concise way
Unfortunately, we all hoped that we would not have to discuss Colombia again.
With the exception of the British delegation, our group unanimously supports the Charter.
Any action by the two governments concerned is therefore limited by this international law.
Will he look at ways of expanding that section of the Community's budget?
Commissioner Barnier, you made this point a moment ago, and rightly so.
Mr President, we have spoken today about the importance and unimportance of reports.
With regard to the assessments in question, I will give just one example.
In future, recourse to the capital market should be the only option available.
What we need is an intelligent and flexible way of interpreting the present rules.
The EU must have the highest possible standards of food safety for its citizens.
The reality as described in the annual report is, however, more sobering.
We will follow the developments in Russian society and internal politics with great interest.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.
We urge the Colombian government again to investigate the precise circumstances of these crimes.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.
However, as these provisions now stand, this mechanism cannot function correctly.
The third block contains those amendments that have been most controversial during the procedure.
It is actually easier to defend the suburbs than it is to defend Morocco.
The second issue for this Ministerial Conference will cover combining work and family life.
Old deficits have not been made good and now new ones have come along.
I feel that this resolution marks a key point in Parliament's political initiative.
Mr President, I am totally opposed to what is happening here in Parliament.
Does anyone wish to speak in favour of this request for referral to committee?
Without the facts we are fighting fraud with one hand tied behind our back.
Mr President, first of all I must say that I welcome this report.
The NATO war destroyed too much and left too much suffering in its wake.
This will be an important tool in allowing criminals to be tried across Europe.
